I can't believe we're finally going home
it's going to be a very long and
difficult voyage but it's our only
chance to replace the causative lion
through ourselves
[Music]
this is Katie Holt paladin of the green
Voltron lion broadcasting to earth does
anyone copy over no one has seen you
since your fight visiting tour so
everyone that was helping us thinks were
dead everyone scan the area for anything
we can use for cover I've never seen the
caller use weapons like these before
guys you've seen this - any beings who
planet we need help
we have to stay together
[Music]
everyone in formation that just happen
I'm guessing the Lions didn't have
enough power to form Voltron so now what
[Music]
we will attack where they are vulnerable
you